### Usage

Available as an extension of either a `VoxelsPlugin` or `VelocityModule` if you're using 
Velocity, the `command` function is a DSL that allows you to create commands on top of the
Brigadier library in a concise and declarative way. Accepted arguments combinations rae:
- `List<String>` for all accepted labels of the command, `String?` as an optional permission
  node, `LiteralBuilderDsl<CommandSourceStack> = {}` for accessing the Brigadier command tree,
  and the lambda for the command declaration;
- `String` for the single accepted label of the command, `String?` as an optional permission
  node, `LiteralBuilderDsl<CommandSourceStack> = {}` for accessing the Brigadier command tree,
  and the lambda for the command declaration.

Arguments are defined by delegated properties as a quality of life improvement. If not available,
you can define them manually by using the `argument` function. The `argument` function accepts:
- `String` for the name of the argument, `ArgumentType<B>` for the Brigadier type of the 
  argument, `ArgumentGetter<S, T>` for transforming the argument into a usable type, and
  `SuggestionsDsl<S>?` for optionally defining command suggestions.

The built-in primitive types are:
- `integer(name, min, max, suggestions?)` for an integer argument;
- `long(name, min, max, suggestions?)` for a long argument;
- `float(name, min, max, suggestions?)` for a float argument;
- `double(name, min, max, suggestions?)` for a double argument;
- `bool(name, suggestions?)` for a boolean argument;

The built-in character sequence types are:
- `literal(name, suggestions?)` for a fixed string argument;
- `word(name, suggestions?)` for a single word argument;
- `string(name, suggestions?)` for a generic string argument;
- `greedyString(name, suggestions?)` for a greedy string argument;

The built-in coordinate system types are:
- (Paper) `location(name, suggestions?)` for a three-dimensional location argument;

The built-in entity types are:
- `player(name, suggestions?)` for a player argument;
- (Paper) `players(name, suggestions?)` for a player argument;
- (Paper) `entity(name, suggestions?)` for a single entity argument;
- (Paper) `entities(name, suggestions?)` for a set of entities argument;

The built-in miscellaneous types are:
- (Paper) `color(name, suggestions?)` for a color argument;

To make an argument optional use `.optional()`. To make an argument have a default value
use `.default { value }`.

To declare an argument with a delegated property, you can use the argument type functions
you need. For example, to  declare an integer argument that have a default value of 1, 
you can use:
```kotlin
val page by integer("page").default { 1 }
```

To declare a subcommand, you can use the `subcommand` function. The `subcommand` function
accepts:
- `String` for the single accepted label of the subcommand, `String?` as an optional 
  permission node, `Boolean` for whether the command arguments defined in the previous
  scope should still be accessible, `LiteralBuilderDsl<S>` for accessing the Brigadier
  command tree, and the lambda for the subcommand declaration.

Now for last, yet not least important, the `executes` and `runs` functions allows you
to define callbacks that will be executed when the command is being executed and all
the arguments are valid. They both do the same thing, the only difference being that
`runs` allows you to manipulate the integer command feedback, while `executes` returns
an `Unit` type and is more concise. They both allow you to access
`BrigadierCommandExecutionContext`, which is an inline wrapper around Brigadier's command 
context data class.

### Examples

**Sample help command**
```kotlin
class ExampleCorePlugin : VoxelsPlugin("example-core") {
  override suspend fun enable() {
    commands {
      install(HelpCommand())
    }
  }
}

enum class HelpSections {
  Discord, GitHub, Website;

  private fun repeatingList(count: Int, vararg elements: String): List<String> =
    buildList(count * elements.size) {
      repeat(count) { addAll(elements) }
    }

  fun elements(): List<String> = when (this) {
    Discord -> repeatingList(16, "Discord Page 1", "Discord Page 2", "Discord Page 3")
    GitHub  -> repeatingList(8, "GitHub Page 1", "GitHub Page 2", "GitHub Page 3")
    Website -> repeatingList(13, "Website Page 1", "Website Page 2", "Website Page 3")
  }
}

fun ExampleCorePlugin.HelpCommand() = command("help", "voxels.help") {
  val page by integer("page").default { 1 }
  literals(HelpSections::lowercase) { section, _ ->
    runs {
      val chunks = section.elements().chunked(3)
      val chunk = chunks[page.coerceIn(1, chunks.size) - 1]
      respond("[$page/${chunks.size}] ${section.name}:\n${chunk.joinToString("\n")}")
    }
  }
  runs {
    respond("Help for:\n${HelpSections.entries.joinToString("\n") { it.name }}")
  }
}
```